#------------------USER MANUAL----------------------------------

->launch blender from the command line when using this addon.
messages will appear in the command line.

#---HOW TO USE
	make sure the shoulder pad in line with the upper arm prior to rigging.

	If your upperarm has multiple bones, in the 'upperarm' field, pick the first upperarm bone.
		This is usually the bone whose head is at the shoulder joint.

	Similarly, in the 'forearm' field, pick the bone whose head is at the elbow joint.
	
	The head is the wide end of the bone.
	
	requirements
		1.bone in 'upperarm' field is pointed at the head of the elbow joint.
		2.bone in 'forearm' field is child of bone in 'upperarm' field.
		3.follow .L .R bone naming convention for the script to detect your bones


#---ADVICE
	#hover over elements in the panel for tooltips

	#Before running script, ensure your bone names do not contain the following substrings:
	["turner.", "pad_ctrl.", "z_locator.", "x_rotator.", "true_elbow", "extension_bone.", "mid_targ"]
	#   they are used to identify the pauldron rigging bones and may cause errors.

	#armature must be symmetrical for mirroring features to work correctly

	upperarm bone must have a parent. ie, upperarm is parented to the collarbone

	#click the button once. double clicking can cause glitching.

	#before running script, apply all transformations to armature & meshes. clear any poses.


#---TROUBLESHOOTING
	after the bones are generated, you may have to adjust the location or rotation of your pauldron mesh in edit mode.

	works best on characters with wide, square shoulders

	if the rig doesn't do what you want, there are a few things you can try, in this order:
		1. try adjusting the 'strength' value manually, or try another rigging style
		2. select the pauldron object, tab into in edit mode, adjust it's rotation/location
		3. change the influence of pad_ctrl.L (applicable only to style 1 rigging)
		4. modify or move bones in the rig itself.
		
	if you must adjust the position of the generated pauldron-rigging bones, use the sliders.
	This will keep bones in correct orientation relative to each other.

	Trying to adjust bones in edit mode may cause undesired effects. 


#---GENERAL ADVICE
	in general, rigging pauldrons is hard.
	is usually easier to do one or more of the following:

	transformations
	-move the shoulder joints away from the body, giving your character wider shoulders.
	-make the pauldron smaller, covering less of the torso
	-move the pauldron geometry further away from the body.
	-make the torso smaller/narrower

	modelling
	-move elements of the pauldron to be part of the torso mesh
	-make the neck muscle (trapezius) smaller

	rigging
	-IK bones will always try to point at the head of their target bone
	-but their rotation can be limited in the Bone Properties tab (lower right of screen)
	
	-only design a rig to have as much flexibility as you absolutely need.
	-generally more control = more complexity
	-if your character is going to be holding a weapon most of the time, or is an background character, or an NPC,
	   there's no reason to make a rig that can handle doing somersaults.
	   
	-use other bones in conjunction with the pauldron rig.
	 ex: use one or more bicep twist bones, use the clavicle bone when raising the arm above T-pose

	-do not try to make a single universal joint to handle everything.
	
	-generally bigger armor means a less flexible character.
